Update README.md to include steam input note (#6)
qwint/pseudoregalia-archipelago: README.md

Note: If you are installing on Steam Deck, please read [the Steam Deck installation instructions](https://github.com/pseudoregalia-modding/pseudoregalia-archipelago/blob/main/docs/steam_deck_installation.md) instead.
1. [Go to the Releases page](https://github.com/pseudoregalia-modding/pseudoregalia-archipelago/releases/latest) and download the latest version of `pseudoregalia-archipelago.zip` and `Pseudoregalia.yaml`. You don't need the apworld or weighted yaml if you don't know what those are.
2. In Steam/steamapps/common, make a copy of your Pseudoregalia folder and rename it "Pseudoregalia_AP" (or whatever else you like).

>    * Note: if you use steam input for your controller, you may need to add the new `pseudoregalia.exe` as a "Non-Steam Game" game in Steam to continue to have that compatibility

Author: ```suggestion
   * You can add the new `pseudoregalia.exe` as a "Non-Steam Game" in Steam to access it easily from Steam and to maintain Steam Input compatibility (which may be required for some controllers)
```
